ambi,around,ambient
duct,lead,ductile
cilium,eyelid,supercilious
ite,adherent,Sybarite
vale,farewell,valediction
dict,say,valediction
tion,act,valediction
super,over,supercilious
mort,death,moribund
pos,put,expository
dis,from,dishabille
rogat,ask,surrogate
trune,a stem,truncate
trans,over,transcend
scend,climb,transcend
vitium,vice,vituperate
man,hand,amanuensis
ambul,walk,ambulatory
noct,night,nocturne
thanatos,death,euthanasia
spatium,space,expatiate
spec,look,specious
xeno,stranger,xenophobia
phobia,fear,xenophobia
clud,close,cloister
par,equal,nonpareil
sag,wise,sagacity
icon,image,iconoclasm
clast,break,iconoclasm
non,not,nonpareil
an,without,anodyne
mord,bite,mordacious
equi,equal,equipoise
pend,weigh,equipoise
ann,year,superannuated
tract,pull,intractable
puer,boy,puerilism
ile,like,puerilism
sym,together,symbiosis
bio,life,symbiosis
necro,death,necrophobia
retro,backward,retrospective
fin,end,fin de si&egrave;cle
cise,cut,incisive
aedes,dwelling,edify
ped,child,pedantry
viv,life,modus vivendi
homeo,same,homeostasis
stasis,stand,homeostasis
clam,cry out,clamor
cad,fall,recidivism
ism,system,recidivism
vehe,carry,inveigh
miso,hatred,misogynist
multi,many,multifarious
fac,make,multifarious
prope,near,rapproachement
dis,not,diffident
gyn,woman,misogynist
string,bind,stringent
pyro,fire,pyromania
mania,madness,pyromania
stereo,solid,stereotype
quis,search,disquisition
alt,high,haute couture
megalo,large,megalomania
son,sound,dissonant
myria,many,myriad
opia,sight,myopia
clar,clear,chiaroscuro
choreo,dance,choreography
topo,place,topiary
onto,organism,ontogeny
onto,being,ontologysanct,holy,sanctimonious
gen,origin,ontogeny
voc,voice,viva voce
para,beside,paragon
pecunia ,money,impecunious
simul,feign,dissemble
epi,upon,ephemeral
taph,tomb,epitaph
crea,create,procreant
fin,limit,ad infinitum
omni,all,omnium gatherum
prob,test,reprobate
contra,against,contretemps
tempor,time,contretemps
per,through,PERplex
trans,across,TRAverse
biblio,book,BIBLIOphile
phile,love,biblioPHILE
demo,people,DEMOgraphy
graph,write,demoGRAPHy
sangui,blood,SANGUIne
cred,believe,inCREDulous
plex,weave,perPLEX
ob,against,OStentatious
tens,stretch,osTENtatious
micro,small,MICROcosm
cosmo,universe,microCOSM
anim,mind,ANIMus
in,not,INcredulous
neo,new,neophyte
phyte,plant,neophyte
mens,measure,commensurate
plus,more,nonplused
co,together,copious
de,down,demur
punct,point,poignant
tude,state of,lassitude
pre,before,apprehend
ad,to,apprehend
hend,grasp,apprehend
pro,before,prodigious
dol,suffer,indolent
put,think,putative
moll,soft,mollify 

ag,to do,ambiguous
val ,worth,ambivalent
ous,full of,ambiguous
lent,full of,ambivalent
greg,group,gregarious
alter,other,altercation
ego,I,alter ego
ambi,both,ambiguous
phil,love,philander
andro,man,philander
apo,away,apocrypha
crypt,hidden,apocrypha
in,in,importune
port,carry,importune
cap,take,precept
caco,bad,cacoethes
ethos,custom,cacoethes
ver ,true,veridical
ex,out,expunge
acr,sharp,acerbity
fid,faith,perfidy
phon,sound,cacophony
tang,touch,tangible
dia,across,dialectic
soph,wisdom,sophist
ist,one who,sophist
dis,away,denouement
nod,knot,denouement
cup,desire,concupiscence
ed,eat,esculent
ven,come,circumvent
ten,hold,pertinacious
inter ,between,interlocutor
locu,talk,interlocutor
auto,self,autodidact
res,thing,reify
fy,make,reify
medi,middle,in medias res
circum,around,circumvent
culp,blame,exculpate
sequ,follow,obsequious
pend,hang,pensive
amat,love,amiable
xero,dry,serene
ab,away,abate
und,wave,undulate
sed,sit,sedate
nihil ,nothing,nihilism
ism,doctrine,nihilism
ate,cause,undulate
con,together,condescend
eu,good,euphoria
phor,carry,euphoria
proto,first,protocol
vid,look,visage
fic,make,pontificate
mend,flaw,mendacious
uxor,wife,uxorious
phan ,say,apophasis
re,back,rebuke
epi,on,epiphany
jur,swear,objurgate
sopor,sleep,soporific
nec,kill,internecine
dicho,two parts,dichotomy
tomy,cut,dichotomy
phan,appearance,epiphany
ek,out,eclectic
lect,gather,eclectic
numen,deity,numinous
phan,say,aphasia
pro,forward,propitious
re,again,requite
a,not,aphasia
null,none,nullifidian
rid ,laugh,risible
ine,nature of,saturnine
vac,empty,vacuous
pusill,tiny,pusillanimous
sub,under,sublime
act,to do,auto da fe
im,not,impunity
lum,light,illuminati
-i,plural,illuminati
mony,condition,hegemony
psych,soul,psychosis
osis,condition,psychosis
neuro,nerve,neurosis
ager,field,peregrinate
ideo,idea,id√©e fixe

curs,run,precursor
ten,thin,attenuated
extra,beyond,extraneous
fundus,bottom,profound
se,apart,sedulous
phan,to show,sycophant
legein,to speak,prolegomenon
hedone,delight,hedonism
pater,father,patrician
mis,bad,miscreant
cred,believe,miscreant
terr,land,terra firma
de,from,desuetude
peri,around,peripatetic
patein,to walk,peripatetic
